[docs] Add a snippet downloader, Vue component, pre-build step and CI integration (#124)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: EXAMPLES.md

> # Working with the examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Working with examples
```

```suggestion
# Working with examples in docs
```

```suggestion
# Examples in docs
```

the documentation needs to provide actual information about the codebase. A typical approach is to use the code snippets, embedded in a documentation file, but this approach has its disadvantages:

* Code gets old
* Code may contain typos and may not be tested
* Code mismatches the examples in the repository

To solve this, we have a different approach implemented: **collecting examples from the actual code and embedding them in the documentation**.

## Collecting the fresh code

To collect the code, we're using custom NPM script; it reads a configuration list from a file named `example_sources.json` in the documentation root, obtaining a list of items, each of which contains a GitHub raw file URL, source code highlight format and a version (for example, `stable`, `dev` or `lts`).

Let's check how the `example_sources.json` template looks like inside:

```json
[
    {
        "version": "debug",
        "url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/user/project/branch/examples/filename.rs",
        "lang": "rust"
    }
]
```

We could have as many dicts inside the list here, but each dict is required to have the properties displayed above.

> This script then downloads each file in parallel, parses them using a [`dst-parser`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dst-parser) and extracting individual examples, applies the highlight using [Shiki](https://shiki.matsu.io/) syntax highlighter and exports everything into `example_snippets.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the script parsed the `example_sources.json` file, it then downloads each file with examples in parallel and parses the files using the [`dst-parser`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dst-parser). The script extracts individual examples and highlights them using [Shiki](https://shiki.matsu.io/) syntax highlighter. Finally, it exports everything into `example_snippets.js`.
```

> While this approach may seem strange at the first glance, it allows attaching all the examples to be seen from the custom component of the project's documentation without bundling heavy JS libraries like a syntax highlighter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach allows attaching all the examples to the documentation using this custom component without bundling heavy JS libraries like a syntax highlighter.
```

> So, to download and convert the raw files, type: `npm run get_examples`. If the configuration is correct, you'll see this message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download and convert the raw files, type: `npm run get_examples`. If the configuration is correct, you'll see this message:
```

```
👍 The file was saved!
```

> ## Using the examples in the documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Embedding examples
```

```suggestion
## Embedding examples in docs
```

> Currently, a Vue component can be simply added to the Markdown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to embed a code snippet in documentation, add a Vue component to the corresponding Markdown file:
```

```xml
<SnippetContainer src="rust_config_example" />
```

> The `src` attribute here sets the example source. For now, a source is an exact name you add for a source code fragment: if the code starts with `// BEGIN FRAGMENT: 42`, the `src` attribute should be assigned `42`. For each branch or a file, a new tab is added. At a later date, the support for `groups` is planned, i.e. `src` may be assigned `grp:42`, so it'll be possible to include examples for different languages in one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `src` attribute sets the example source. For now, a source is an exact name you add for a source code fragment: if the code starts with `// BEGIN FRAGMENT: 42`, the `src` attribute should be `42`. 

For each branch or file, a new tab is added. At a later date, the support for `groups` is planned, i.e. `src` may be assigned `grp:42`, so it'll be possible to include examples for different languages in one place.
```
